1. When looking to book a session, you will be expected to be respectful.  Please be prepared to fill out the small contact form as a start.  I will reach out to you to go over specifics, and once we’ve talked I will go over a basic outline for what your personal session will entail (as much or little detail as you’d like, to keep it comfortable but enjoyable for you).  
2. I will answer any questions and go over any expectations.  When we agree we’d like to go forward booking a session, we will come up with a day, time, and place to meet up, and you will be expected to send a 20% non-refundable deposit, a phone number (you may get a Google Voice number, or something similar, for privacy), and I will need access to a face picture prior to meeting up.  This is for safety reasons, and you may give access to this in as private/non traceable manner as you feel comfortable with.  If you have a profile with one already a part of it, you are all set.  Otherwise, via email, text, a link to imgur or similar are all fine.  
3. If you’d like to meet for coffee, lunch, or similar prior to booking, we can do that as well.  Some people want the reassurance of an in person meet, to get a feel for who they’ll be spending such intimate moments with.  A deposit, phone number, and face picture will still be required before this public meetup, but I aim for this to be flexible, as this is for your piece of mind.  
4. Currently, you supply the session locations, and I meet up with you.  Future fully equipped dungeon accessibility is possible, but that will be later and after a relationship of sorts is established.  
